Blake, slow down. What happened?
Ace, that's what happened.
You're not making any sense.
Ace got the mountain tails.
Not just that. He slaughtered them.
The people I swore to protect.
The mountain tails. One line.
The crease in the back.
Isn't that a better option?
No, Emma hated the mountain tails for a long time now.
They enslaved her, beat her.
This way she gets two for one.
We can meet and get rid of them.
Let me ask you, why are you so obsessed with her?
It's not me who obsessed with her.
She's a fucking level me.
You know it's funny because
she just told me that she loved Masson
just a few moments ago when she happened in my toilet.
What? She's here in my house. You didn't tell me?
You know, there's so much drama in here.
I can not get back with all this bullshit.
Matt, you're fucking nuts.
Blake!
You hurt your ass with the breeze.
He never betrayed you.
Not to be.
So you're still the coward?
He loved you, loved you.
Just as I did.
You speak of betrayed.
But it is actually you who betrayed the people who love you
in every turn.
Masson, me, and Natalia.
Natalia.
Don't you say Natalia's name.
I see Mo won't talk to me anymore.
I guess he win.
He'll win again.